                                                                                                                                             Tel: +971 6 558 0000, Fax: +971 6 558 0008




                                                                           RESERVATION CONFIRMED




         RESERVATION NUMBER (PNR)                                   615198089                     BOOKING REFERENCES                        615198089
         DATE OF BOOKING                                            19 Jun 2024                   AIRLINE CODE LEGEND                       G9 - Air Arabia
         DATE OF ISSUE                                              21 Jun 2024

         PASSENGER DETAILS                                                                                                                   
                                    Passenger Name(s)                                          Fare                   Charges            Paid Amount                 Balance
          MR GEOFFREY GITHINJI MUYA                                                            350.10 AED             528.00 AED             878.10 AED                  0.00 AED

                                                                        TOTAL IN AED               350.10                  528.00                     878.10                    0.00
                                                                            TOTAL IN                                                            239.92 USD                0.00 USD
          PASSENGER CONTACT DETAILS

          STRIMODE, T                 strimodetravel@gmail.com                      254-716-668577

          Note : Above contact no. will be used for flight change notification.

         AGENT DETAILS
         NBO STRIMODE TRAVEL LTD BSP MOMBASA NEW2021 (ABY)                                       IATA Code: 41217713         71668577       strimodeinvestments@gmail.com
         TRAVEL SEGMENTS

                      FLIGHT                     ORIGIN / DESTINATION              DEPARTURE / ARRIVAL                CHECK-IN FROM              CLASS OF SERVICE STATUS
                                               Nairobi - Terminal1C                Tue, 02 Jul 2024 13:55
                     G9735                                                                                     Tue, 02 Jul 2024 10:55                   Economy               OK
                                               Sharjah -                           Tue, 02 Jul 2024 20:00
                   (NON-STOP)
                                               Duration: 05:05                    Aircraft: Airbus A321      Transit: -                         Remarks: -
         LOCAL CALL CENTER DETAILS

         NAIROBI                                                                                  NBO                                             00254111044500

         Sharjah                                                                                  SHJ                                             00971065580000

         E TICKET DETAILS

                                                        Passenger Name(s)                                                 Segment            Flight            E TICKET NUMBER
         MR GEOFFREY GITHINJI MUYA                                                                                        NBO/SHJ            G9735             5142310283410/1  

         ANCILLARY DETAILS

                                                Passenger Name(s)                                           Segment                    Meal(s)                     Baggage (s)
                                                                                                            NBO/SHJ         1x Tandoori Chicken Tikka
         MR GEOFFREY GITHINJI MUYA                                                                                                                             30Kg Total in 2 Piece
                                                                                                             G9735                 Sandwich

         FARE RULES

         Origin / Destination                                                Fare Basis Code                Fare Rule                        Terms and Conditions
         NBO/SHJ                                                                  SOWKR                         All                             AFRICA LINK FARE
         * All times in local

         1. Visa, Travel Documents & Check In:


         a) Airport Check-in counters open three hours prior to scheduled departure time of the flight and closes 1 hour prior to scheduled departure time. Government
         formalities related to health and security procedures may vary at different airports. It is the passengers’ responsibility to ensure that they comply with these formalities
         and procedures. Passengers failing to check-in on time will not be accepted for travel and will forfeit their flight and their ticket.


         b) It is the passenger's responsibility to ensure that they have and carry the necessary valid documents, including visas, to meet the immigration requirements of their
         travelling from the origin to the destination including any stop countries. Passengers must respect the maximum length of stay mentioned on the visa as well as the
         number of entries. Schengen countries require that the first entry should be done into the country which issues the visa.


         2. Check-in Baggage:


         a) Maximum weight permitted per individual piece of check-in baggage is 32 kgs with total dimensions of 158 CM/ 62 IN (W+D+L)


         b) For Passengers Traveling to/from Cairo & Dammam, on a Business class, are entitled for a free baggage allowance of 40 Kgs.


         c) For Passengers Traveling to/from Cairo, on an Economy class, are entitled for a free baggage allowance of 20 / 30 Kgs.


         d) For passengers travelling to/from all other Airports: subject to availability, passengers can pre-book their desired baggage allowance & number of pieces, during
         the booking process at nominal rates.
         -If a passenger does not pre-book baggage : at the airport the first 20 Kg will be charged at AED 50 plus a handling fee. Any additional weight above the first 20 Kg, will
         be considered as excess baggage and applicable rate will be charged.
         -If a passenger has an additional piece of baggage than pre-booked : at the airport each additional piece of baggage will be charged at AED 50. Any additional weight,
         than the pre-booked allowance, will be considered as excess baggage and applicable rate will be charged.


         e) Free baggage allowance is not applicable for infants.


         f) AED 150 plus a handling fee will be applicable for carriage of any TV measuring 40" (inches) and above. Maximum size permitted is 60"(inches).


         g) Air Arabia liability for lost or damaged baggage is limited to USD 20 per kg up to a maximum of 20 Kgs. Air Arabia shall have no liability for any damage to valuable
         items or documents.

AccelAero - Visit http://www.isaaviations.com
         h) Self-balancing electric scooter or personal motorized vehicles, powered by lithium batteries will not be accepted on-board Air Arabia
         flights. Please refer to www.airarabia.com to check list of prohibited items.


         3. Hand Baggage:


         All our fare types include free cabin baggage subject to the following weight, size, and number of piece restrictions:


         Cabin Baggage Allowance:


         The total combined weight allowed for Cabin Baggage is 10 Kg. This is inclusive of Carry-on bag, personal item and duty free purchases.


         - Carry-on Bag Restrictions:


         a) 1 carry-on bag is allowed.


         b) Carry-on bag maximum dimensions: 55cm x 40cm x 20cm (including handles, pockets, and wheels).


         c) Carry-on bag must be declared at the check-in counters and Carry-on tags must be attached to every Carry-on piece.


         - Personal Item Restrictions:


         a) 1 personal item allowed.


         b) Acceptable personal items are: laptop bag or ladies’ handbag or gentlemen's satchel.


         c) Personal item maximum dimensions: 25cm x 33cm x 20cm.


         d) It must fit under the seat in front of you.


         e) Personal item must be declared at the check-in counters and personal item tag must be attached to every personal item piece.


         - Duty Free Purchases:


         a) All duty-free purchases must fit within your carry-on bag or personal item and must be within your total weight limit of 10 Kg.


         - At the check-in desk:


         If your cabin baggage is too large or too heavy, you will need to either:


         a.) Check it in at the check-in desk, subject to your checked baggage allowance and applicable excess baggage rates, or


         b.) Remove items and place them in your checked baggage to meet the cabin baggage requirements. Please remove all valuable items and personal documents before
         checking in your hand baggage.


         - At the boarding gate:


         All cabin baggage, including duty-free purchases, will be checked for compliance with weight, dimensions, and number of pieces restrictions. If your cabin baggage
         exceeds the limitations, a fee of AED 100 or equivalent per piece will be applied and it will be taken to the hold.


         - Passengers travelling with infants:


         If you are travelling with an infant under two years old, you are entitled to one additional standard-sized hand baggage weighing up to 3 Kgs for items the infant may
         require during the flight.


         This additional baggage must fit under the seat in front. You must declare the additional bag at the check in counter and personal item tags must be attached.


         4. Flight times, changes, cancellations and credit:


         a) Reservations can be modified/cancelled up to 24 hours before local scheduled flight departure time by contacting our call center/sales centers or appointed travel
         agents. Following *charges will apply:


                                      Modification                                                                           Cancellation
         AED 200 Per Passenger each way (Fare difference applies for modification)              AED 200 Per Passenger each way


         b) Within 24 hours before departure – No changes permitted.


         c) For Ultimate fare, It is mandatory to cancel the booking any time before 24 hours from the scheduled departure, and
         immediately submit the CFAR refund request through the link https://CFARTune.amaglobalassistance.com. CFAR Claims submitted within 24 hours of the scheduled
         flight departure time or after the scheduled departure time of the flight will not be accepted.


         d) For group bookings, modification and cancellation charges may vary. Please contact your issuing agency.


         e) Air Arabia does not have a refund policy once the booking is paid for (except flights to/from Cairo). On cancellation, Air Arabia will retain the remaining amount as a
         credit towards a future flight which can be used for travel within one year from the date of payment by the same passenger only.


         f) Business class passengers traveling on Cairo & Dammam flights are:
         -eligible for a free modification up to 8 hrs prior to scheduled departure time (fare difference will apply)
         -entitle for a refund on cancellation
         -subject to terms & conditions


         g) All passengers traveling to/from Cairo, are entitled for refund on cancellation, subject to terms & conditions.


         h) *Govt. taxes, fees or any other charges are subject to change without prior notice.


         i) Flight schedules can be changed between the reservation date and the flight date.


         j) Passengers must provide when booking their valid email address, mobile phone number and travel phone number. Any schedule changes will be communicated to
         passengers using the contact details provided when booking.

AccelAero - Visit http://www.isaaviations.com
         5. Unaccompanied Minors & Infants:


         a) We do not accept children traveling unaccompanied under their 12th birthday. Passengers accompanying children should be above 16 years old.


         b) Air Arabia does not accept infants for travel within 2 days of birth. Infants between 3-6 days old will require a fit to fly certificate or indemnity form signed by the
         parents. Infants over 7 days old will be accepted without any restrictions.


         6. Handling Fee:


         Appointed sales agents of Air Arabia are authorized to collect a handling fee over and above the total fare reflecting on your itinerary. These
         charges are regulated and the updated handling fees by country are available for your reference on www.airarabia.com. The appointed agents are obliged to produce
         the same information on demand to verify the charges.


         7. Ok to board Message:


         Passengers travelling from India, Pakistan, Bangladesh to UAE on tourist visa require an Ok to Board comment in their PNR. Please check with Air Arabia Sales
         centres for further information.


         8. Bus Service, Car Service, Travel Insurance and other third-party Services:


         Bus service, Car Service, Travel Insurance and some other services are provided by a third party and Air Arabia accepts no responsibility and shall not be liable for any
         direct, consequential or incidental damage or any kind occasioned by reason of any act or omission beyond its control including without limitation, any act of negligence,
         mishap or breach of contract of any third party who is to or does supply any goods or services for the tour to journey.


         9. Airport Transfers


         For further clarifications, please visit https://www.sayararental.com/chauffeurTerms.aspx or get in touch with Sayara Car Rental at +971 54 3082573 or at
         booking@sayararental.com


         10. TuneProtect Travel Insurance By Air Arabia:


         For any claims please visit www.tune2protect.com/airarabia. For all emergency assistance please call UAE: +97143619210 | GCC & Sub Indian Continent:
         +911244688488 | Europe & North Africa: +441786310605


         11. Additional Information:


         a) By buying this ticket, the passenger confirms herewith that he/she has agreed on and accepted all terms and conditions of
         carriage https://www.airarabia.com/en/conditions-carriage and policies as issued and amended by the Carrier from time to time on its website www.airarabia.com. In
         case of any dispute related to any/all of the services as provided by the Carrier and/or any of its authorized representatives before, during and/or after the provision of
         the service, the governing law should be the laws of United Arab Emirates and such dispute shall be exclusively and solely raised, filed, submitted, registered and/or
         presented, referred to and finally resolved by arbitration under The Sharjah International Commercial Arbitration Centre (“TAHKEEM”), which Rules are deemed to be
         incorporated by reference into this clause. The number of arbitrators shall be one. The seat, or legal place, of arbitration shall be Sharjah, United Arab Emirates. The
         language of the arbitration and all documents shall be English.


         b) Carriage under this ticket by Air Arabia is indicated by use of the G9 airline designator code against the relevant travel segment(s) shown above. Where this ticket
         includes carriage by another carrier, Air Arabia acts solely as agent for that other carrier.


         c) Air Arabia will be liable only for damage occurring during carriage on flights or flight segments where G9 designator code appears in the carriage box. If Air Arabia
         issues a Ticket of, or if we Check Baggage for carriage on another carrier, it does so only as agent for the other carrier. Nevertheless, with respect to checked baggage,
         you may make a claim against the first or last carrier.


         d) For any queries, please find our contacts on the web site.




AccelAero - Visit http://www.isaaviations.com
